[Intro]
Hey, I’m Jen Power and I’m a scientific graphic designer. I have a M.Sc. with a background in molecular biology and cancer research.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
My main inspiration to pursue graphic design was to communicate scientific concepts effectively and fight misinformation and science fearmongering.
Science is so amazing, so I’m just trying to convince everyone else that it’s cool.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
I’m the sole grad from this cohort that is specializing in scientific graphic design, which is probably the most unique thing about my work.
Given my background in research, I approach my work in a very analytical and strategic manner, which allows me to excel in the design world.
I’m an incredibly efficient worker and I pride myself on my time management skills. While being in college full-time, I was able to balance working two,
and at one point three jobs, while still completing all my work on time and to a high standard of quality.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In 5 years, I see myself working at either a scientific communication agency or freelancing,
where I’d be ideally creating designs for both scientific and lay audiences.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Aside from graphic design, my other interests include music, specifically genres like post-metal, new wave, and sometimes disco,
I love watching classic horror movies, and I always have an intense desire to know everything, so I enjoy memorizing random facts for trivia.
[What is your favourite colour?]
As someone who only wears black, I’d have to say my favourite colour is (Pantone Black C).
[Outro]